best practices docs: explain what ARG git_hash is doing (#3315)
earthly/earthly: docs/best-practices/best-practices.md

RUN ls
```

{% hint style='info' %}
##### Note
The final "if you have no choice" example contains an `ARG` shell-out, which will be set to the latest git sha; this is done so that if the git repository doesn't

> contain any new commits between multiple runs, the `ARG git_hash` value will stay constant, and will allow earthly to skip over the `RUN` command; where as a `RUN --no-cache`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contain any new commits between multiple runs, the `ARG git_hash` value will stay constant, and will allow earthly to skip over the `RUN` command; whereas a `RUN --no-cache`
```
